profile/README.md, before:

![Juice Shop Banner](https://github.com/juice-shop/.github/blob/main/profile/banner.jpg)

**OWASP Juice Shop** is probably the most modern and sophisticated insecure web application! It can be used in security trainings, awareness demos, CTFs and as a guinea pig for security tools! Juice Shop encompasses vulnerabilities from the entire OWASP Top Ten along with many other security flaws found in real-world applications!

[![OWASP Flagship](https://img.shields.io/badge/owasp-flagship%20project-48A646.svg)](https://owasp.org/projects/#sec-flagships)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/juice-shop/juice-shop.svg)](https://github.com/juice-shop/juice-shop/releases/latest)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/owasp_juiceshop.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/owasp_juiceshop)
[![Subreddit subscribers](https://img.shields.io/reddit/subreddit-subscribers/owasp_juiceshop?style=social)](https://reddit.com/r/owasp_juiceshop)

![CI/CD Pipeline](https://github.com/juice-shop/juice-shop/workflows/CI/CD%20Pipeline/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![Cypress tests](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://dashboard.cypress.io/badge/simple/3hrkhu/master&style=flat&logo=cypress)](https://dashboard.cypress.io/projects/3hrkhu/runs)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/223/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/223)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/6206c8f3972bcc97a033/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/juice-shop/juice-shop/test_coverage)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/6206c8f3972bcc97a033/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/juice-shop/juice-shop/maintainability)
[![Code Climate technical debt](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/tech-debt/juice-shop/juice-shop)](https://codeclimate.com/github/juice-shop/juice-shop/trends/technical_debt)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/juice-shop/juice-shop.svg?label=GitHub%20%E2%98%85&style=flat)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

This project is under the [MIT license](https://github.com/juice-shop/juice-shop/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Remove dev-specific badges and add copyright

profile/README.md, after:

![Juice Shop Banner](https://github.com/juice-shop/.github/blob/main/profile/banner.jpg)

**OWASP Juice Shop** is probably the most modern and sophisticated insecure web application! It can be used in security trainings, awareness demos, CTFs and as a guinea pig for security tools! Juice Shop encompasses vulnerabilities from the entire OWASP Top Ten along with many other security flaws found in real-world applications!

[![OWASP Flagship](https://img.shields.io/badge/owasp-flagship%20project-48A646.svg)](https://owasp.org/projects/#sec-flagships)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/223/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/223)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/owasp_juiceshop.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/owasp_juiceshop)
[![Subreddit subscribers](https://img.shields.io/reddit/subreddit-subscribers/owasp_juiceshop?style=social)](https://reddit.com/r/owasp_juiceshop)

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/juice-shop/juice-shop.svg)](https://github.com/juice-shop/juice-shop/releases/latest)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/juice-shop/juice-shop.svg?label=GitHub%20%E2%98%85&style=flat)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v2.0%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

OWASP Juice Shop and any contributions are Copyright © by Bjoern Kimminich & the OWASP Juice Shop contributors 2014-2023.
